chore: add Server-side README (#226)
launchdarkly/cpp-sdks: libs/server-sdk/README.md

LaunchDarkly Server-Side SDK for C/C++
===================================

[![Actions Status](https://github.com/launchdarkly/cpp-sdks/actions/workflows/server.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/launchdarkly/cpp-sdks/actions/workflows/server.yml)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=GitHub+Pages&message=API+reference&color=00add8)](https://launchdarkly.github.io/cpp-sdks/libs/server-sdk/docs/html/)

> The LaunchDarkly Server-Side SDK for C/C++ is designed primarily for use in in multi-user systems such as web servers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The LaunchDarkly Server-Side SDK for C/C++ is designed primarily for use in multi-user systems such as web servers
```
some day this kind of thing will be solved by `sdk-docs` 🤞

and applications. It follows the server-side LaunchDarkly model for multi-user contexts.
It is not intended for use in desktop and embedded systems applications.

For using LaunchDarkly in client-side C/C++ applications, refer to our [Client-Side C/C++ SDK](../client-sdk/README.md).

LaunchDarkly overview
-------------------------

> [LaunchDarkly](https://www.launchdarkly.com) is a feature management platform that serves over 100 billion feature flags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[LaunchDarkly](https://www.launchdarkly.com) is a feature management platform that serves trillions of feature flags
```
[latest](https://github.com/launchdarkly/sdk-docs/blob/main/docs/readme-sdk/v1/items/readme-preamble.txt#L17)

Author: 😅 

More motivation day by day..

daily to help teams build better software, faster. [Get started](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/docs/getting-started)
using LaunchDarkly today!

[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/launchdarkly.svg?style=social&label=Follow&maxAge=2592000)](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=launchdarkly)

Compatibility
-------------------------

This version of the LaunchDarkly SDK is compatible with POSIX environments (Linux, OS X, BSD) and Windows.

Getting started
---------------

Download a release archive from
the [Github releases](https://github.com/launchdarkly/cpp-sdks/releases?q=cpp-server&expanded=true) for use in your
project.

Refer to the [SDK documentation][reference-guide] for complete instructions on
installing and using the SDK.

### Incorporating the SDK

The SDK can be used via a C++ or C interface and can be incorporated via a static library or shared object. The static

> library and shared object each have their on use cases and limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
library and shared object each have their own use cases and limitations.
```

```

The shared library (so, DLL, dylib), only supports the C interface. The shared object does not require you to have Boost
or OpenSSL available when linking the shared object to your project.

Example of basic compilation using the C API with a shared library using gcc:

```shell
gcc -I $(pwd)/include -Llib -fPIE -g main.c liblaunchdarkly-cpp-server.so
```

The examples here are to help with getting started, but generally speaking the SDK should be incorporated using your
build system (CMake for instance).

Learn more
-----------

Read our [documentation](https://docs.launchdarkly.com) for in-depth instructions on configuring and using LaunchDarkly.
You can also head straight to
the [complete reference guide for this SDK][reference-guide].

Testing
-------

We run integration tests for all our SDKs using a centralized test harness. This approach gives us the ability to test
for consistency across SDKs, as well as test networking behavior in a long-running application. These tests cover each
method in the SDK, and verify that event sending, flag evaluation, stream reconnection, and other aspects of the SDK all
behave correctly.

Contributing
------------

> We encourage pull requests and other contributions from the community. Check out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage pull requests and other contributions from the community. Read
```
[latest](https://github.com/launchdarkly/sdk-docs/blob/main/docs/readme-sdk/v1/items/readme-trailer.txt#L9C72-L9C76)

our [contributing guidelines](../../CONTRIBUTING.md) for instructions on how to contribute to this SDK.

> About LaunchDarkly

Reviewer: (This section also has some minor changes in the `sdk-docs` repo, but we haven't rolled them out anywhere, so I think it's fine to leave this as-is.)
